[contributing.md] Update with instructions for modifying community member profiles (#1770)
layer5io/layer5: CONTRIBUTING.md

Layer5 community members are an integral part of what makes Layer5 and it's projects successful. Prominently highlighting our members and their works is important. When adding a new or updating an existing community member profile, be sure to use the [Community Member Profile issue template](https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/issues/new?assignees=&labels=area%2Fcommunity&template=New+Member+Profile.md&title=%5BCommunity%5D+Member+Profile%3A), which has all the instructions needed. 

#### Source code for Community Member Profiles

> When adding a new or updating an existing community member profile be sure to follow the existing template which can be found here [Community Member Profile template](https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/tree/master/src/collections/members/_member-profile-template). You can easily understand the template by referrring to this example [here](https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/blob/master/src/collections/members/abishek-kumar/index.mdx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding a new or updating an existing community member profile be sure to follow the existing template which can be found here [Community Member Profile template](https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/tree/master/src/collections/members/_member-profile-template). You can easily understand the template by checking out one of the profiles [here](https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/blob/master/src/collections/members/abishek-kumar/index.mdx).
```

Author: noted with thanks, file updated with correction

#### Badges for Community Members

> Badges are a way to identify projects community members have made contributions to. These badges are assigned to a contributor to acknowledge the contributions made to the respective project. An example of how a badge is written can be found [here](https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/blob/master/src/collections/members/abishek-kumar/index.mdx), and it will be displayed like [this](https://layer5.io/community/members/abishek-kumar) on the community project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Badges offer recognition of the works of community members. A variety of badges exist so that community members and their efforts may be affiliated with a particular project or community initiative. Badges are assigned to a community member in acknowledgement of their engagement within and/or contribution to the representative project or (sub-)community. An example of how a badge assigned using markdown can be found [here](https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/blob/master/src/collections/members/abishek-kumar/index.mdx), and an example of how badges are shown on a member profile is [here](https://layer5.io/community/members/abishek-kumar).
```

> Badges are a way to identify projects community members have made contributions to. These badges are assigned to a contributor to acknowledge the contributions made to the respective project. An example of how a badge is written can be found [here](https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/blob/master/src/collections/members/abishek-kumar/index.mdx), and it will be displayed like [this](https://layer5.io/community/members/abishek-kumar) on the community project.

Reviewer 2: Good work, @blossom-babs. I'm tossing in a potential tweak for you to consider incorporating.

Author: Hello Lee, I didn't consider your initial review before making these edit. I only added what badges constitute off. The above edit for the badges section is much more detailed and I will incorporate that.

Also, what other tweak would you like for me to incorporate?

Reviewer 2: Thank you, @blossom-babs. Regarding a potential follow up PR, a subsequent PR could address questions such as: When should a badge be assigned? What constitutes "engagement" and/or "contribution"? 

These are harder-to-define and will require discussion, though.

Author: Yes, I do think that should be discussed, what constitutes engagement and/or contribution

Reviewer 2: Good, good. :thu
